Update automation.md (#325)
OpenCTI-Platform/docs: docs/usage/automation.md

    The STIX bundle processed by the playbook won't be written in the platform without specifying it using the appropriate component, i.e. "Send for ingestion".

## Create a Playbook

> ### Manual Creation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Manual creation 
```

> It is possible to create as many playbooks as needed which are running independently. You can give a name and description to each playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to create as many playbooks as needed, which run independently. You can give a name and description to each playbook.
```

![Choose input component](assets/playbook_input.png)

### Duplicate a playbook 

It is possible to duplicate a playbook, to easily replicate a playbook. You can do it directly by cliking on the burger menu (the 3 dots) at the end of the row and click on duplicate, or directly when you're inside a playbook.

### Import/Export a playbook
#### Export a playbook

If you need to share a playbook with a colleague that is not on the same platform than you (or if you need to troubleshoot a playbook issue), you can now export your playbook directly: by cliking on the burger menu (the 3 dots) at the end of the row and click on duplicate, or directly when you're inside a playbook.

#### Import a playbook

> You can import a playbook in OpenCTI coming either from your own platform or another plaform. simply go to playbooks, click on import & select the playbook you want to import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can import a playbook in OpenCTI coming either from your own platform or another platform. Simply go to playbooks, click on import & select the playbook you want to import.
```

!!! warning "Verify your playbook"

>     It is possible that imported playbooks contains data that does not exist in your platofrm. For instance, the intial playbook could have listened on a specific label & apply a spefific marking that does exist in your platform. Thereofre when you import a playbook, alwyas check all of the boxes/steps to ensure your playbook willl run smoothly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Imported playbooks may contain data that does not exist in your platform. For instance, the initial playbook could have listened on a specific label & applied a specific marking that does not exist in your platform. Therefore, when you import a playbook, always check all the boxes/steps to ensure your playbook will run smoothly.
```

**Applicable steps & data to verify:**
- Listen knowledge events/ Manual enrollment / Query knowledge on regular basis / Match knowledge / Reduce knowledge / Manipulate knowledge

>    - Verify if any of the following data is correctly define in your playbook, otherwise create it in your platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Verify if any of the following data is correctly defined in your playbook, otherwise create it in your platform
```

      - Taxonomies: any not existing taxonomy will be shown as deleted (Labels, vocabularies...) 
      - Specific instances (entity/observable): If your playbook was listening on a specific instance, verify that the instance exists in your platform

>       - Marking: veryfy that the marking you're listening to exists in your platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Marking: verify that the marking you're listening to exists in your platform
```

>       - Author: verify that the identities in your platform exsits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Author: verify that the identities in your platform exist
```

>       - Creaotrs: verify that you have existing users in your platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Creators: verify that you have existing users in your platform
```

- Enrich through connector
   - Verify if any of the following data is correctly define in your playbook, otherwise create it in your platform
      - Connector exists in your platform   
- Container wrapper
   - Verify if any of the following data is correctly define in your playbook, otherwise create it in your platform
      - Task template exists in your platform.
- Send to notifier
   - Verify that the notifier exists in your platform
   - Verify that the target exsits in your platform

### Listen knowledge events
With this event source, the playbook will be triggered on any knowledge event (create, update or delete) that matches the selected filters.

> Note that you are limited to a subset of filters, available for stream events that contain STIX data objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you are limited to a subset of filters available for stream events that contain STIX data objects.
```
